>> Brian Holt: The page
here is actually only,
that has a lot of vertical space
that it could be taking up.
And honestly, this is fine.
We could leave it like this.
But I'll show you kind of a little hack,
that you can get it to take
the whole height of a page.
You can do height, 100 vh.
>> Brian Holt: And now,
it's vertically centered, as well.
So, let's talk about what vh is.
One, vh is only gonna work
in really new browsers.
So, if you're gonna use a vh, be careful,
if you're trying to
support older browsers.
Right?
But what it means is my
browser is 100 vh tall.
And so, if I say, 100 vh,
it says take 100% of what's
available in the,
this is called the viewport.
So it's saying take 100% of the viewport.
If I said something like 80 vh,
it'd say, okay,
take 80% of the available view height.
So, now, if I refresh this,
it's going to move up, just a tiny bit.
>> Brian Holt: So, again,
what this is doing,
it's saying the body should take
100% of the user's viewport.
And then, here, I'm saying center it.
That's why it ends up sitting directly
in the middle of the viewport.
Make sense?
It's kind of a nice trick.
You could here, as well, if you wanted to,
do 100 vw,
>> Brian Holt: which does not stand for
Volkswagen.
It stands for
100% of the view width, as well.
Right?
And that would work, as well.
But it already does that,
so it's superfluous.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
So this is coming along already better.
Right?